---
tags:
  - Inheritance/Property
  - Strange Math
  - Narcissism
  - Sexism
  - Inheritance/Property Instructions
  - Woman is only half the worth of a man
search:
  boost: 1 
---
!!! tip "Site is currently under construction, only 26 verses tagged under [Project An-Nisa](/an-nisa)"

#Verse  4:11

`Topic`&nbsp; Inheritance/Property Instructions   
`Verses in Topic`&nbsp; 5  
`Topic Description`&nbsp; None    
`Highlights`&nbsp; Woman is only half the worth of a man   

=== "Sahih International"
    Allah instructs you concerning your children: for the male, what is equal to the share of two females. But if there are [only] daughters, two or more, for them is two thirds of one's estate. And if there is only one, for her is half. And for one's parents, to each one of them is a sixth of his estate if he left children. But if he had no children and the parents [alone] inherit from him, then for his mother is one third. And if he had brothers [or sisters], for his mother is a sixth, after any bequest he [may have] made or debt. Your parents or your children - you know not which of them are nearest to you in benefit. [These shares are] an obligation [imposed] by Allah. Indeed, Allah is ever Knowing and Wise.
=== "Yusuf Ali"
    Allah (thus) directs you as regards your Children's (Inheritance): to the male, a portion equal to that of two females: if only daughters, two or more, their share is two-thirds of the inheritance; if only one, her share is a half. For parents, a sixth share of the inheritance to each, if the deceased left children; if no children, and the parents are the (only) heirs, the mother has a third; if the deceased Left brothers (or sisters) the mother has a sixth. (The distribution in all cases ('s) after the payment of legacies and debts. Ye know not whether your parents or your children are nearest to you in benefit. These are settled portions ordained by Allah; and Allah is All-knowing, Al-wise.
=== "Mohsin Khan"
    Allah commands you as regards your children's (inheritance); to the male, a portion equal to that of two females; if (there are) only daughters, two or more, their share is two thirds of the inheritance; if only one, her share is half. For parents, a sixth share of inheritance to each if the deceased left children; if no children, and the parents are the (only) heirs, the mother has a third; if the deceased left brothers or (sisters), the mother has a sixth. (The distribution in all cases is) after the payment of legacies he may have bequeathed or debts. You know not which of them, whether your parents or your children, are nearest to you in benefit, (these fixed shares) are ordained by Allah. And Allah is Ever All­Knower, All­Wise.

<a href="https://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter= 4&verse=11" target="_blank">`Source`</a>

