---
tags:
  - Sexism
  - Inheritance/Property
  - Narcissism
  - Strange Math
  - Inheritance Instructions
search:
  boost: 1 
---
!!! tip "Site is currently under construction, only 26 verses tagged under [Project An-Nisa](/an-nisa)"

#Verse  4:12

`Topic`&nbsp; Inheritance Instructions   
`Verses in Topic`&nbsp; 5  
`Topic Description`&nbsp; Inheritance and Property Instructions    
`Highlights`&nbsp; None   

=== "Sahih International"
    And for you is half of what your wives leave if they have no child. But if they have a child, for you is one fourth of what they leave, after any bequest they [may have] made or debt. And for the wives is one fourth if you leave no child. But if you leave a child, then for them is an eighth of what you leave, after any bequest you [may have] made or debt. And if a man or woman leaves neither ascendants nor descendants but has a brother or a sister, then for each one of them is a sixth. But if they are more than two, they share a third, after any bequest which was made or debt, as long as there is no detriment [caused]. [This is] an ordinance from Allah , and Allah is Knowing and Forbearing.
=== "Yusuf Ali"
    In what your wives leave, your share is a half, if they leave no child; but if they leave a child, ye get a fourth; after payment of legacies and debts. In what ye leave, their share is a fourth, if ye leave no child; but if ye leave a child, they get an eighth; after payment of legacies and debts. If the man or woman whose inheritance is in question, has left neither ascendants nor descendants, but has left a brother or a sister, each one of the two gets a sixth; but if more than two, they share in a third; after payment of legacies and debts; so that no loss is caused (to any one). Thus is it ordained by Allah; and Allah is All-knowing, Most Forbearing.
=== "Mohsin Khan"
    In that which your wives leave, your share is a half if they have no child; but if they leave a child, you get a fourth of that which they leave after payment of legacies that they may have bequeathed or debts. In that which you leave, their (your wives) share is a fourth if you leave no child; but if you leave a child, they get an eighth of that which you leave after payment of legacies that you may have bequeathed or debts. If the man or woman whose inheritance is in question has left neither ascendants nor descendants, but has left a brother or a sister, each one of the two gets a sixth; but if more than two, they share in a third; after payment of lagacies he (or she) may have bequeathed or debts, so that no loss is caused (to anyone). This is a Commandment from Allah; and Allah is Ever All­Knowing, Most­Forbearing.

<a href="https://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter= 4&verse=12" target="_blank">`Source`</a>

