---
tags:
  - Sexism
  - Strange Math
  - Inheritance/Property
  - Inheritance Instructions
  - Woman is only half the worth of a man
search:
  boost: 1 
---
!!! tip "Site is currently under construction, only 26 verses tagged under [Project An-Nisa](/an-nisa)"

#Verse  4:176

`Topic`&nbsp; Inheritance Instructions   
`Verses in Topic`&nbsp; 5  
`Topic Description`&nbsp; Inheritance and Property Instructions    
`Highlights`&nbsp; Woman is only half the worth of a man   

=== "Sahih International"
    They request from you a [legal] ruling. Say, " Allah gives you a ruling concerning one having neither descendants nor ascendants [as heirs]." If a man dies, leaving no child but [only] a sister, she will have half of what he left. And he inherits from her if she [dies and] has no child. But if there are two sisters [or more], they will have two-thirds of what he left. If there are both brothers and sisters, the male will have the share of two females. Allah makes clear to you [His law], lest you go astray. And Allah is Knowing of all things.
=== "Yusuf Ali"
    They ask thee for a legal decision. Say: Allah directs (thus) about those who leave no descendants or ascendants as heirs. If it is a man that dies, leaving a sister but no child, she shall have half the inheritance: If (such a deceased was) a woman, who left no child, Her brother takes her inheritance: If there are two sisters, they shall have two-thirds of the inheritance (between them): if there are brothers and sisters, (they share), the male having twice the share of the female. Thus doth Allah make clear to you (His law), lest ye err. And Allah hath knowledge of all things.
=== "Mohsin Khan"
    They ask you for a legal verdict. Say: "Allah directs (thus) about Al­Kalalah (those who leave neither descendants nor ascendants as heirs). If it is a man that dies, leaving a sister, but no child, she shall have half the inheritance. If (such a deceased was) a woman, who left no child, her brother takes her inheritance. If there are two sisters, they shall have two-thirds of the inheritance; if there are brothers and sisters, the male will have twice the share of the female. (Thus) does Allah makes clear to you (His Law) lest you go astray. And Allah is the All-Knower of everything."

<a href="https://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter= 4&verse=176" target="_blank">`Source`</a>

