---
tags:
  - Divorce Excuse for Men
  - Sexism
  - Adultery
  - Inheritance/Property
  - Who "Men" can Marry
search:
  boost: 1 
---
!!! tip "Site is currently under construction, only 26 verses tagged under [Project An-Nisa](/an-nisa)"

#Verse  4:19

`Topic`&nbsp; Who "Men" can Marry   
`Verses in Topic`&nbsp; 8  
`Topic Description`&nbsp; Quran allows men to marry up to 4 women, orphan girls and enslaved girls and mentions payment/inheritance/mahr for the transitional marriage.     
`Highlights`&nbsp; None   

=== "Sahih International"
    O you who have believed, it is not lawful for you to inherit women by compulsion. And do not make difficulties for them in order to take [back] part of what you gave them unless they commit a clear immorality. And live with them in kindness. For if you dislike them - perhaps you dislike a thing and Allah makes therein much good.
=== "Yusuf Ali"
    O ye who believe! Ye are forbidden to inherit women against their will. Nor should ye treat them with harshness, that ye may Take away part of the dower ye have given them,-except where they have been guilty of open lewdness; on the contrary live with them on a footing of kindness and equity. If ye take a dislike to them it may be that ye dislike a thing, and Allah brings about through it a great deal of good.
=== "Mohsin Khan"
    O you who believe! You are forbidden to inherit women against their will, and you should not treat them with harshness, that you may take away part of the Mahr you have given them, unless they commit open illegal sexual intercourse. And live with them honourably. If you dislike them, it may be that you dislike a thing and Allah brings through it a great deal of good.

<a href="https://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter= 4&verse=19" target="_blank">`Source`</a>

