---
tags:
  - Marriage Instructions
  - Inheritance/Property
  - Narcissism
  - Sexism
  - Adultery
  - Slavery
  - Who "Men" can Marry
search:
  boost: 1 
---
!!! tip "Site is currently under construction, only 26 verses tagged under [Project An-Nisa](/an-nisa)"

#Verse  4:24

`Topic`&nbsp; Who "Men" can Marry   
`Verses in Topic`&nbsp; 8  
`Topic Description`&nbsp; Quran allows men to marry up to 4 women, orphan girls and enslaved girls and mentions payment/inheritance/mahr for the transitional marriage.     
`Highlights`&nbsp; None   

=== "Sahih International"
    And [also prohibited to you are all] married women except those your right hands possess. [This is] the decree of Allah upon you. And lawful to you are [all others] beyond these, [provided] that you seek them [in marriage] with [gifts from] your property, desiring chastity, not unlawful sexual intercourse. So for whatever you enjoy [of marriage] from them, give them their due compensation as an obligation. And there is no blame upon you for what you mutually agree to beyond the obligation. Indeed, Allah is ever Knowing and Wise.
=== "Yusuf Ali"
    Also (prohibited are) women already married, except those whom your right hands possess: Thus hath Allah ordained (Prohibitions) against you: Except for these, all others are lawful, provided ye seek (them in marriage) with gifts from your property,- desiring chastity, not lust, seeing that ye derive benefit from them, give them their dowers (at least) as prescribed; but if, after a dower is prescribed, agree Mutually (to vary it), there is no blame on you, and Allah is All-knowing, All-wise.
=== "Mohsin Khan"
    Also (forbidden are) women already married, except those (captives and slaves) whom your right hands possess. Thus has Allah ordained for you. All others are lawful, provided you seek (them in marriage) with Mahr (bridal money given by the husband to his wife at the time of marriage) from your property, desiring chastity, not committing illegal sexual intercourse, so with those of whom you have enjoyed sexual relations, give them their Mahr as prescribed; but if after a Mahr is prescribed, you agree mutually (to give more), there is no sin on you. Surely, Allah is Ever All­Knowing, All­Wise.

<a href="https://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter= 4&verse=24" target="_blank">`Source`</a>

