---
tags:
  - Punishment/Curse
  - Marriage Instructions
  - Narcissism
  - Slavery
  - Sexism
  - Adultery
  - Who "Men" can Marry
search:
  boost: 1 
---
#Verse  4:25

`Topic`&nbsp; Who "Men" can Marry   
`Verses in Topic`&nbsp; 8  
`Topic Description`&nbsp; Quran allows men to marry up to 4 women, orphan girls and enslaved girls and mentions payment/inheritance/mahr for the transitional marriage.     
`Highlights`&nbsp; None   

=== "Sahih International"
    And whoever among you cannot [find] the means to marry free, believing women, then [he may marry] from those whom your right hands possess of believing slave girls. And Allah is most knowing about your faith. You [believers] are of one another. So marry them with the permission of their people and give them their due compensation according to what is acceptable. [They should be] chaste, neither [of] those who commit unlawful intercourse randomly nor those who take [secret] lovers. But once they are sheltered in marriage, if they should commit adultery, then for them is half the punishment for free [unmarried] women. This [allowance] is for him among you who fears sin, but to be patient is better for you. And Allah is Forgiving and Merciful.
=== "Yusuf Ali"
    If any of you have not the means wherewith to wed free believing women, they may wed believing girls from among those whom your right hands possess: And Allah hath full knowledge about your faith. Ye are one from another: Wed them with the leave of their owners, and give them their dowers, according to what is reasonable: They should be chaste, not lustful, nor taking paramours: when they are taken in wedlock, if they fall into shame, their punishment is half that for free women. This (permission) is for those among you who fear sin; but it is better for you that ye practise self-restraint. And Allah is Oft-forgiving, Most Merciful.
=== "Mohsin Khan"
    And whoever of you have not the means wherewith to wed free, believing women, they may wed believing girls from among those (captives and slaves) whom your right hands possess, and Allah has full knowledge about your Faith, you are one from another. Wed them with the permission of their own folk (guardians, Auliya' or masters) and give them their Mahr according to what is reasonable; they (the above said captive and slave-girls) should be chaste, not adulterous, nor taking boy-friends. And after they have been taken in wedlock, if they commit illegal sexual intercourse, their punishment is half that for free (unmarried) women. This is for him among you who is afraid of being harmed in his religion or in his body; but it is better for you that you practise self­restraint, and Allah is Oft­Forgiving, Most Merciful.

<a href="https://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter= 4&verse=25" target="_blank">`Source`</a>

