---
tags:
  - Alcohol/Intoxication
  - Prayer Instructions
  - Sexual Intercourse
  - Sanctity/Washing/Cleaning
  - Narcissism
  - General Sexism
search:
  boost: 1 
---
#Verse  4:43

`Topic`&nbsp; General Sexism   
`Verses in Topic`&nbsp; 2  
`Topic Description`&nbsp; None    
`Highlights`&nbsp; None   

=== "Sahih International"
    O you who have believed, do not approach prayer while you are intoxicated until you know what you are saying or in a state of janabah, except those passing through [a place of prayer], until you have washed [your whole body]. And if you are ill or on a journey or one of you comes from the place of relieving himself or you have contacted women and find no water, then seek clean earth and wipe over your faces and your hands [with it]. Indeed, Allah is ever Pardoning and Forgiving.
=== "Yusuf Ali"
    O ye who believe! Approach not prayers with a mind befogged, until ye can understand all that ye say,- nor in a state of ceremonial impurity (Except when travelling on the road), until after washing your whole body. If ye are ill, or on a journey, or one of you cometh from offices of nature, or ye have been in contact with women, and ye find no water, then take for yourselves clean sand or earth, and rub therewith your faces and hands. For Allah doth blot out sins and forgive again and again.
=== "Mohsin Khan"
    O you who believe! Approach not As­Salat (the prayer) when you are in a drunken state until you know (the meaning) of what you utter, nor when you are in a state of Janaba, (i.e. in a state of sexual impurity and have not yet taken a bath) except when travelling on the road (without enough water, or just passing through a mosque), till you wash your whole body. And if you are ill, or on a journey, or one of you comes after answering the call of nature, or you have been in contact with women (by sexual relations) and you find no water, perform Tayammum with clean earth and rub therewith your faces and hands (Tayammum). Truly, Allah is Ever Oft­Pardoning, Oft­Forgiving.

<a href="https://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter= 4&verse=43" target="_blank">`Source`</a>

